Thesis Defense Outline

Chang recommendations:

    -   Present a few things (like 2 or 3) that I've developed in the process of
        this research project. Highlight thought process.
        Highlighting a few of the things that I've learned from doing this
        thesis 

    -   Open with a journey thought process and goal. "I'm choosing a few
        things to highlight that I've learned (and help us get closer to the
        goal of segmentation of this image)

    -   Fourier analysis speedup is like one slide. Details found in thesis. 

    -   (Chang suggested about 20-30 minutes on math methods)

My recommendations:

    -   Present DIFFGEO theory (as close to the end as possible, as simplified
        to your particular use case as possible).

    -   Make  and FRANGI theory. all
        other theory: challenge yourself to not get into it.

    -   Scalewise random walker is a good demo, but is too resource-intensive
        to be compared against other methods or take too much time explaining
        in defense.  Okay to show for one sample (in paper not defense) but
        don't get into it too much off-the-mark to be included as an official
        segmentation method. 

        30 slides. a minute and a half each.

    -   3x3 parametrization grid is very busy. Rework this so that you can tell
        what the flow is. Maybe only a few. Emphasize the takeaway: that
        stricter leads to less noise, also that being strict about beta is
        preferred. Make sure you can compare two that you want to talk about.
        draw arrows (stricter beta stricter gamma) on axis

Other todos:

    -   Check structureness output for CVR scores.

    -   Make colorbar for CVR outputs

    -   Redo with fewer scales (what about like 6?)

    -   When you redo CVR scores, gather time of running for each so you can
        show how long  it takes (preprocessing, Frangi time)



Make sure to include:


    -   Relation of scale and vessel with in ground truth

    -   Show using a stricter parametrization causes a higher precision vs MCC
        score


MATLAB/MATPLOTLIB boxplots:

    central mark is median,
    bottom and top is 25th and 75th percentiles. 
    whiskers extend to most extreme data point not considered an outlier.
    outliers are anything greater than q3+w*(q3-q1) or less than q1-w*(q3-q1)
    with default value of w=1.5

